Document 'Mongoid::Migrator.migrations_path' (#49)
adacosta/mongoid_rails_migrations: README.md

$ rails db:version
```

> To override default migrations path (`db/migrate`), add next line to your `application.rb` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override the default migrations path (`db/migrate`), add the following line to your `application.rb` file:
```
